today I'm going to show you how to make a
plush frog
The materials that we will need are
the pattern scissors threads needles filling and
cloth now let's take the pattern that
I leave you in the description and we will
cut the number of pieces of cloth
corresponding to each party and has
cut will stay like this and we start
accommodate the pieces first let's
put your eyes on your face and we're going
sewing either with the stitch of
festoon or stitch back can choose
any of these 2
when they finish with both eyes we are going to
continue with the legs are eight
pieces that will accommodate in four
pallets and they'll get used to it with
the festoon stitch then comes the
difficult part that is to go around
to take the pencils and they will do what
I show next
already cured and given back to the four
couple let's take the body part
and it's like we'll do the little legs there
we put the other piece of the body on top
when they are already placed and sewing mos
with the festoon tip or the tip of
back if you choose the tip of the piston in
the parts of the leg use the tip of
back to make them safer
and used to everything we are going to give him
turns
already having the full body we return
the head but now getting used to
two pieces together
let's get used to everything around but
let's mark a space in the part of
down where we are not going to postulate
to build this part we can use
the piston tip or the stitch back
when we finish let's go around
What we need is to put the filling and
join the heads with the body
I will put the filling so that no
it's too tight so it will stay dry
cited
at the time of joining the two parties we are going to
give the stitch hidden around
all the neck at the beginning will be difficult
but with patience everything can be
and we have our tool ready
as a last detail I'm going to add a
improvised scarf
and ready we have in our mini
frog this can do it the size
they want and do it in the form of
brooch keyring or as you like
I hope you liked the video if
they like you do not forget to subscribe for
see more crafts
you can also follow me on tumblr e
instagram see you in the next video
my lai